Don't want to be a punk
This job is too dangerous
You can't do it
Dad, don't worry.
I know
Being a water ghost is dangerous
If the balance is not careful, it will never come up again.
But practice a layer of cultivation
I can go to work even if the rope breaks
This kid is really courting death
He can go down
My oldest niece wouldn't want to marry this guy
If you burn it to death, the marriage will be in vain
Pan Jia thank you, I'm too late
As for the family heirloom
Sons are dead
Who else can Ye Sheng pass on to?
It's not mine yet.
Does my son have you in his heart or does his son love you?
It will be fine without a son
Xiaohuan, be careful
All right.
Be careful!
Little Flower Little Flower
All die first
No matter how old you are
Ah rope rope
Why did the rope break?
How come?
I'm back to save people
People didn't save people
I'm embarrassed, what's wrong?
Why did the rope break?
Snowflake Snowflake
Don't scare me
I treat you like my own son
It's my stepmother who took care of you
Little flower
Xiaohua, can't you die?
What should I do if you die, little flower?